Fix Network Security Testing on Android and iOS (by @NowSecure) (#2042)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x05b-Basic-Security_Testing.md

- AndroidManifest.xml: contains the definition of the app's package name, target and minimum [API level](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/uses-sdk-element#ApiLevels "API Levels"), app configuration, app components, permissions, etc.
- original/META-INF: contains the app's metadata
  - MANIFEST.MF: stores hashes of the app resources
  - CERT.RSA: the app's certificate(s)
  - CERT.SF: list of resources and the SHA-1 digest of the corresponding lines in the MANIFEST.MF file
- assets: directory containing app assets (files used within the Android app, such as XML files, JavaScript files, and pictures), which the [AssetManager](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/res/AssetManager) can retrieve
- classes.dex: classes compiled in the DEX file format, the Dalvik virtual machine/Android Runtime can process. DEX is Java bytecode for the Dalvik Virtual Machine. It is optimized for small devices
- lib: directory containing 3rd party libraries that are part of the APK.
- res: directory containing resources that haven't been compiled into resources.arsc
- resources.arsc: file containing precompiled resources, such as XML files for the layout

> As unzipping with the standard `unzip` utility leaves some files such as the `AndroidManifest.xml` unreadable, you better unpack the APK using [apktool](0x08-Testing-Tools.md#apktool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As unzipping with the standard `unzip` utility leaves some files such as the `AndroidManifest.xml` unreadable, it's better to unpack the APK using [apktool](0x08-Testing-Tools.md#apktool).
```
